Cabin Crew - Relocation
EmiratesAbout the company

offer expired a year ago

Dubaj, United Arab Emirates(abroad)
contract of employment
full-time
specialist (mid / regular)
full office work
Additional information
Required languages:
English
Your responsibilities
Live the cabin crew life
Join our team as Emirates cabin crew and see the world as you work. This is your opportunity to be part of the world’s largest international airline.
Look forward to a tax-free salary, free accommodation and great travel perks for you and your family. Make Dubai your home and enjoy all the benefits of this vibrant city.
If you’re ready for a career that takes you places, apply online now and start your adventure with Emirates.
Our requirements
We are looking for:
• 1+ year of hospitality or customer service experience
• Positive attitude with the natural ability to provide excellent service in a team environment, dealing with people from many cultures
• High school graduate (Grade 12)
• Fluency in written and spoken English (ability to speak another language is an advantage)
• Arm reach of 212 cm while standing on tiptoes and minimum height of 160 cm which will enable you to reach emergency equipment on all aircraft types
• No visible tattoos while you’re in Emirates cabin crew uniform (cosmetic and bandage coverings are not allowed)
• Can adapt to new people, new places and new situations
• As Emirates cabin crew, you will be based in Dubai and will need to meet the UAE’s employment visa requirements
Fly Emirates. Fly Better.
What we offer
Starting Salary & Flying Pay
Your pay is made up of three components: a fixed basic salary, an hourly pay for operated flights and an overseas meal allowance.
Basic salary: AED 4,430 / month
Flying Pay: AED 63.75 / hour based on avg. 80-100 hours / month
Average Total Pay: AED 10,170 / month (~USD 2,770, EUR 2,710 or GBP 2,280)
These are approximate numbers for Grade II (Economy Class). Hotel accommodation as well as transport to and from the airport is provided by the company.
Emirates
Scroll to company's profile
Experience the world as part of your career.
CC Recruitment Jan - Mar 2025 - Poland

Pracodawca zakończył zbieranie zgłoszeń na tę ofertę

Aktualne oferty pracodawcy
Praca
Zjednoczone Emiraty Arabskie
Hotelarstwo / Gastronomia / Turystyka
Turystyka

Pracodawca zakończył zbieranie zgłoszeń na tę ofertę

Aktualne oferty pracodawcy
Sprawdź podobne oferty:
Włącz powiadomienie

Cabin Crew - Relocation, Dubaj, United Arab Emirates